org/strongswan/android/security/LocalCertificateKeyStoreProvider.java
 org.strongswan.android.security.LocalCertificateKeyStoreProvider
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/attributes/PortFilterAttribute.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.attributes.PortFilterAttribute
org/strongswan/android/ui/SelectedApplicationsActivity.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.SelectedApplicationsActivity
org/strongswan/android/logic/VpnStateService.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.VpnStateService
 org.strongswan.android.logic.VpnStateService$1
 org.strongswan.android.logic.VpnStateService$2
 org.strongswan.android.logic.VpnStateService$3
 org.strongswan.android.logic.VpnStateService$4
 org.strongswan.android.logic.VpnStateService$5
 org.strongswan.android.logic.VpnStateService$6
 org.strongswan.android.logic.VpnStateService$7
 org.strongswan.android.logic.VpnStateService$ErrorState
 org.strongswan.android.logic.VpnStateService$LocalBinder
 org.strongswan.android.logic.VpnStateService$RetryHandler
 org.strongswan.android.logic.VpnStateService$RetryTimeoutProvider
 org.strongswan.android.logic.VpnStateService$State
 org.strongswan.android.logic.VpnStateService$VpnStateListener
org/strongswan/android/utils/IPRange.java
 org.strongswan.android.utils.IPRange
org/strongswan/android/security/LocalCertificateStore.java
 org.strongswan.android.security.LocalCertificateStore
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/attributes/PrivateEnterpriseNumber.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.attributes.PrivateEnterpriseNumber
org/strongswan/android/ui/CertificateDeleteConfirmationDialog.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.CertificateDeleteConfirmationDialog
 org.strongswan.android.ui.CertificateDeleteConfirmationDialog$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.CertificateDeleteConfirmationDialog$2
 org.strongswan.android.ui.CertificateDeleteConfirmationDialog$OnCertificateDeleteListener
org/strongswan/android/ui/RemediationInstructionsActivity.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.RemediationInstructionsActivity
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/collectors/DeviceIdCollector.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.collectors.DeviceIdCollector
org/strongswan/android/utils/BufferedByteWriter.java
 org.strongswan.android.utils.BufferedByteWriter
org/strongswan/android/ui/LogActivity.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.LogActivity
org/strongswan/android/logic/SimpleFetcher.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.SimpleFetcher
org/strongswan/android/utils/IPRangeSet.java
 org.strongswan.android.utils.IPRangeSet
 org.strongswan.android.utils.IPRangeSet$1
 org.strongswan.android.utils.IPRangeSet$1$1
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/attributes/DeviceIdAttribute.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.attributes.DeviceIdAttribute
org/strongswan/android/ui/TrustedCertificateListFragment.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.TrustedCertificateListFragment
 org.strongswan.android.ui.TrustedCertificateListFragment$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.TrustedCertificateListFragment$CertificateListLoader
 org.strongswan.android.ui.TrustedCertificateListFragment$CertificateListLoader$TrustedCertificateManagerObserver
 org.strongswan.android.ui.TrustedCertificateListFragment$OnTrustedCertificateSelectedListener
org/strongswan/android/utils/SettingsWriter.java
 org.strongswan.android.utils.SettingsWriter
 org.strongswan.android.utils.SettingsWriter$1
 org.strongswan.android.utils.SettingsWriter$SettingsSection
org/strongswan/android/ui/LogFragment.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.LogFragment
 org.strongswan.android.ui.LogFragment$LogAdapter
 org.strongswan.android.ui.LogFragment$LogDirectoryObserver
 org.strongswan.android.ui.LogFragment$LogDirectoryObserver$1
org/strongswan/android/ui/adapter/CertificateIdentitiesAdapter.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.adapter.CertificateIdentitiesAdapter
org/strongswan/android/ui/RemediationInstructionFragment.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.RemediationInstructionFragment
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/attributes/Attribute.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.attributes.Attribute
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/ImcState.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.ImcState
org/strongswan/android/ui/SettingsActivity.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.SettingsActivity
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/collectors/StringVersionCollector.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.collectors.StringVersionCollector
org/strongswan/android/ui/TrustedCertificateImportActivity.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.TrustedCertificateImportActivity
 org.strongswan.android.ui.TrustedCertificateImportActivity$ConfirmImportDialog
 org.strongswan.android.ui.TrustedCertificateImportActivity$ConfirmImportDialog$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.TrustedCertificateImportActivity$ConfirmImportDialog$2
org/strongswan/android/utils/Constants.java
 org.strongswan.android.utils.Constants
org/strongswan/android/data/VpnProfileDataSource.java
 org.strongswan.android.data.VpnProfileDataSource
 org.strongswan.android.data.VpnProfileDataSource$DatabaseHelper
 org.strongswan.android.data.VpnProfileDataSource$DbColumn
org/strongswan/android/BuildConfig.java
 org.strongswan.android.BuildConfig
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/attributes/StringVersionAttribute.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.attributes.StringVersionAttribute
org/strongswan/android/ui/SettingsFragment.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.SettingsFragment
 org.strongswan.android.ui.SettingsFragment$1
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/collectors/SettingsCollector.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.collectors.SettingsCollector
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/collectors/PortFilterCollector.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.collectors.PortFilterCollector
org/strongswan/android/data/VpnProfile.java
 org.strongswan.android.data.VpnProfile
 org.strongswan.android.data.VpnProfile$SelectedAppsHandling
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/RemediationInstruction.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.RemediationInstruction
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.RemediationInstruction$1
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/AndroidImc.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.AndroidImc
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.AndroidImc$1
org/strongswan/android/ui/adapter/SelectedApplicationEntry.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.adapter.SelectedApplicationEntry
org/strongswan/android/ui/VpnProfileControlActivity.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileControlActivity
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileControlActivity$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileControlActivity$ConfirmationDialog
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileControlActivity$ConfirmationDialog$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileControlActivity$ConfirmationDialog$2
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileControlActivity$ConfirmationDialog$3
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileControlActivity$LoginDialog
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileControlActivity$LoginDialog$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileControlActivity$LoginDialog$2
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileControlActivity$PowerWhitelistRequired
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileControlActivity$VpnNotSupportedError
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileControlActivity$VpnNotSupportedError$1
org/strongswan/android/ui/VpnProfileSelectActivity.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileSelectActivity
org/strongswan/android/ui/adapter/RemediationInstructionAdapter.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.adapter.RemediationInstructionAdapter
org/strongswan/android/ui/TrustedCertificatesActivity.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.TrustedCertificatesActivity
 org.strongswan.android.ui.TrustedCertificatesActivity$TrustedCertificatesPagerAdapter
 org.strongswan.android.ui.TrustedCertificatesActivity$TrustedCertificatesTab
org/strongswan/android/logic/StrongSwanApplication.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.StrongSwanApplication
org/strongswan/android/ui/adapter/TrustedCertificateAdapter.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.adapter.TrustedCertificateAdapter
org/strongswan/android/security/LocalCertificateKeyStoreSpi.java
 org.strongswan.android.security.LocalCertificateKeyStoreSpi
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/attributes/AttributeType.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.attributes.AttributeType
org/strongswan/android/logic/Scheduler.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.Scheduler
 org.strongswan.android.logic.Scheduler$ScheduledJob
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/collectors/InstalledPackagesCollector.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.collectors.InstalledPackagesCollector
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/collectors/Collector.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.collectors.Collector
org/strongswan/android/ui/SelectedApplicationsListFragment.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.SelectedApplicationsListFragment
 org.strongswan.android.ui.SelectedApplicationsListFragment$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.SelectedApplicationsListFragment$InstalledPackagesLoader
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/attributes/ProductInformationAttribute.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.attributes.ProductInformationAttribute
org/strongswan/android/ui/adapter/VpnProfileAdapter.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.adapter.VpnProfileAdapter
 org.strongswan.android.ui.adapter.VpnProfileAdapter$1
org/strongswan/android/security/TrustedCertificateEntry.java
 org.strongswan.android.security.TrustedCertificateEntry
org/strongswan/android/logic/TrustedCertificateManager.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.TrustedCertificateManager
 org.strongswan.android.logic.TrustedCertificateManager$1
 org.strongswan.android.logic.TrustedCertificateManager$Singleton
 org.strongswan.android.logic.TrustedCertificateManager$TrustedCertificateSource
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/attributes/InstalledPackagesAttribute.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.attributes.InstalledPackagesAttribute
org/strongswan/android/logic/CharonVpnService.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.CharonVpnService
 org.strongswan.android.logic.CharonVpnService$1
 org.strongswan.android.logic.CharonVpnService$2
 org.strongswan.android.logic.CharonVpnService$3
 org.strongswan.android.logic.CharonVpnService$4
 org.strongswan.android.logic.CharonVpnService$BuilderAdapter
 org.strongswan.android.logic.CharonVpnService$BuilderAdapter$PacketDropper
 org.strongswan.android.logic.CharonVpnService$BuilderCache
org/strongswan/android/ui/MainActivity.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.MainActivity
 org.strongswan.android.ui.MainActivity$CRLCacheDialog
 org.strongswan.android.ui.MainActivity$CRLCacheDialog$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.MainActivity$CRLCacheDialog$2
org/strongswan/android/ui/RemediationInstructionsFragment.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.RemediationInstructionsFragment
 org.strongswan.android.ui.RemediationInstructionsFragment$OnRemediationInstructionSelectedListener
org/strongswan/android/logic/NetworkManager.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.NetworkManager
 org.strongswan.android.logic.NetworkManager$1
org/strongswan/android/ui/VpnTileService.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnTileService
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnTileService$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnTileService$2
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnTileService$3
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/collectors/Protocol.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.collectors.Protocol
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/collectors/ProductInformationCollector.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.collectors.ProductInformationCollector
org/strongswan/android/logic/imc/attributes/SettingsAttribute.java
 org.strongswan.android.logic.imc.attributes.SettingsAttribute
org/strongswan/android/ui/widget/TextInputLayoutHelper.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.widget.TextInputLayoutHelper
 org.strongswan.android.ui.widget.TextInputLayoutHelper$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.widget.TextInputLayoutHelper$2
 org.strongswan.android.ui.widget.TextInputLayoutHelper$3
 org.strongswan.android.ui.widget.TextInputLayoutHelper$4
org/strongswan/android/ui/VpnProfileImportActivity.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileImportActivity
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileImportActivity$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileImportActivity$2
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileImportActivity$3
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileImportActivity$ParsedVpnProfile
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileImportActivity$ProfileLoadResult
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileImportActivity$ProfileLoader
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileImportActivity$SelectUserCertOnClickListener
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileImportActivity$SelectUserCertOnClickListener$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileImportActivity$UserCertificateLoader
org/strongswan/android/data/VpnType.java
 org.strongswan.android.data.VpnType
 org.strongswan.android.data.VpnType$VpnTypeFeature
org/strongswan/android/ui/adapter/SelectedApplicationsAdapter.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.adapter.SelectedApplicationsAdapter
 org.strongswan.android.ui.adapter.SelectedApplicationsAdapter$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.adapter.SelectedApplicationsAdapter$SelectedApplicationsFilter
org/strongswan/android/ui/widget/CheckableLinearLayout.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.widget.CheckableLinearLayout
org/strongswan/android/utils/Utils.java
 org.strongswan.android.utils.Utils
org/strongswan/android/ui/ImcStateFragment.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.ImcStateFragment
 org.strongswan.android.ui.ImcStateFragment$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.ImcStateFragment$2
 org.strongswan.android.ui.ImcStateFragment$3
 org.strongswan.android.ui.ImcStateFragment$4
 org.strongswan.android.ui.ImcStateFragment$5
org/strongswan/android/ui/VpnProfileListFragment.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileListFragment
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileListFragment$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileListFragment$2
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileListFragment$3
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileListFragment$OnVpnProfileSelectedListener
org/strongswan/android/data/LogContentProvider.java
 org.strongswan.android.data.LogContentProvider
org/strongswan/android/ui/VpnProfileDetailActivity.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$2
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$3
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$4
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$5
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$6
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$7
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$8
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$9
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$SelectUserCertOnClickListener
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$SelectUserCertOnClickListener$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$SpaceTokenizer
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$TncNoticeDialog
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$TncNoticeDialog$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$UserCertificateLoader
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnProfileDetailActivity$UserCertificateLoaderCallback
org/strongswan/android/ui/VpnStateFragment.java
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnStateFragment
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnStateFragment$1
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnStateFragment$2
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnStateFragment$VpnErrorStateListener
 org.strongswan.android.ui.VpnStateFragment$VpnStateListener
